Leveling Up
  Based on Progression?
  Based on XP?
  No XP/Leveling Up system?
  Ultra grind (kinda like runescape where you farm to increase levels)?


Weapons
  Do we want to get new weapons based off of:
    Story progression
    Crafting
    Drops
    Purchasing
    Any combination.
      Possible idea: The story progression allows for you to craft better items (weapon progressions listed below). You get crafting items from defeating enemies in battle, and when you craft things, you roll its stats and try to get as good of an item before it becomes obselete.
      Base stats: 1 dmg, 5 speed, 7 durability. Rolls 3x damage multiplier, .2x speed, .43 durability...
      I like the idea of variability.
  
  Starter gear to end game gear
    Slinger -> bow -> crossbow -> repeating crossbow -> gods give you a gun lol idk but something cool
    club -> stone sword -> bronze sword -> steel sword -> sword from the gods
    poky stick -> basic spear -> reinforced spear -> solid bronze spear -> something in between -> spear from the gods
    same process for an axe
    maybe other throwables like rocks to knives...
    
  Damage level
    Dagger - light damage but rapid attacks
    Sword - average at both
    Axe - heavy damage but slow
    Spear be for attaking at range, but more damage than a bow?

    Throwables - lighter damage
    Bow - more damage, but maybe can do extra stuff like skills, like shoot multiple arrows at once

Armor
  Based on some strength rating?
  Shields? -> Having the ability to equip items to an off hand?




NPCs
  Heroes giving us side quests (already talked about this)
  Shop Keeper?
    Random stat gear?
    Really expensive "god" tier gear?
  Blacksmith? Maybe for crafting help?



Enemies
  Monsters & Creatures (already talked about these)
  Maybe the gods send soldiers after us the further we progress through the story (threat level)
    Threat level - every "hostile" character has a circle around them that if we walk into it, they get mad, higher the threat level, the bigger the circle?
